Briefly address the following points, modify this text file and include it 
in your reply.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Explain the conceptual distinctions between scripting languages, C++, C, 
and assembly and when it is appropriate and inappropriate to use each.
--------------------------------------
C is a procedural programming language where it does not support classes and objects, while c++ is a combination of both procedural
and object oriented programming langugage. C is a lower level language which is compatiable working with other languages. 
Assembly language is very different from c and c++, where it is suited towards computer architecture. 

In majority of the cases, C++ is the language to use. Only when the platform doesn't support c++, interaction with other languages or platform can only 
interact with c, which is usually the lowest common denominator on any platform. 
C and assembly have small compilers which is faster for smaller projects. 

In most cases, C++ is the langugage to use for a wide variety of projects. 

Describe the limitations of code reuse through inheritance in a large, 
diverse codebase.  Propose alternative solutions to these limitations.
--------------------------------------
Inheritance allows for reducing the need to create new classes and codes by reusing, but for a large, diverse project, it can create many problems. 
For example, one super class for walking animals, one for swimming animals, and another for flying animals. These three categories can cover a large 
of subclasses. However, for an animal a penguin can both swin and walk have the properties of two super class can only inherit one. After inherting a class,
the class is limited to use the functions of the superclass. The subclasses are their parent classes forming a strict hierachy. 
Where in a large program, these problems can happen frequently. 

A solution is to implement codes that describe the action. So that each class would include the actions they want to include in each class. 
For example, penguin would include both the swimming and walking action to penguin. In addition, it has the freedom to add addition actions for the 
class penguin to use. Other classes can also include th swimming and walking action. It's a bit more work than inheritance, but it fixes the problem 
inheritance provides.


Compare and contrast the biggest challenges of console game development
versus PC game development.
--------------------------------------
By my understand of PC game development, I think video deveopment is the most challenging, because of a large variety of graphics card exist. 
PC graphics programmers have to take in each possible version of graphic cards and develop the game to support each. Where as consoles all have the 
same video card, so the console game developers can have a default video setting for each game. 

The biggest challges to console game development is altering the game after completion. Many PC games are downloadable which allows the developers
to alter the game after putting it on the market. In addition, many fan made contents are easy to download and install on the PC which give the developers a 
large amount of freedom. Where as the console developers have to complete the game before release and it's much more diffcult to alter the game after release. Also, 
harder for fun content to be closely involved with each game.

How would you attempt to understand the design of a large code base in a short
period of time?
--------------------------------------
When I explore the web to understand how some program works is for me to download the program first and use eclipse to step through the code line by line to figure
out codes where I dont understand. If the codes arent as big or can't be used in a debug program, then I pull out a piece of paper to follow the code line by line
and figure out how does an input changes throughout the code. If can alter the code safely, then I will test around and see how the outcome changes.
In the end, if it is a code i can't figure out myself, then I will find a co-worker or a mentor who understands the design better than I do. 

Talk about a few Best Practices you use when programming in a team environment.
--------------------------------------
The majoriy of the course work at school is done solo, only two instance where I was able to work in teams. During my freshman summer of colege, I had the opportunity
to work a for a professor on his website. This internship was a more of learning experience where the proffesor wanted me to explore website development. He had a couple
computer science graduate students working for him, who had many more years of experience in programming. When a problem occured where the web and my own skill wasn't 
enough to solve, I was able schedule a meeting with the graduate students. Turned out, the problem was due to the server set up did not support PHP. Where the graduate 
students were to identify and assist me. The other time is during a partner project where I had to work with an person. Beforehand, we talked about all the variables we 
were going to use and designed the project together and create a class skeleton. So all we needed to do is to in each method and class to complete the project.
Communication is very important when working with another, my partner was a close friend so it was easy for me to communicate my ideas and way to program the project.

Discuss an instance of a bad game design decision in an otherwise good game.
--------------------------------------
Starwars Battlefront has been one of my favorite games. Since EA took over and created the new sequel, the game has not been the same.
There are many aspects of the game are lacking, but I am going to focus on the map designs. In Starwars Battlefront 2, the vehicles make a 
large impact on how the map is played. Hoth is my favorite map which is like the movie, The Empire Stikes Back, where the vehicles dictates 
the battle. The AT-AT versue the snowspeeders shows true to the movies and a fun interactive vehicle battle. Which shows the power of AT-AT and how
difficult it was to take one down. Another map, kashyyyk, where the map the driod army has many vehicles and the clone army has stationed defensive
structures and sniping vantage points to defend against the vehicles. Each map has it's only unique play style from map structure to variety of vehicle selection.
Which is lost in EA's version of Starwars Battlefront. Many maps have a very beautiful graphics, but lack a unique playstyle. Each map has a similar play style,
which is repetitive even when play different maps and game modes. The Starwars concept bring in a large market and EA has created many good FPS games. 
Starwars Battlefront is incomplete, lagging many in game design and features where the problems can be fixed with time as EA continue to develop the game.

